gulkin the previous you'll have five
seconds after each riddle to figure out
the answer
level one take a look at this image and
try to figure out what expression is
hidden here right you are it's easy
peasy just like this level
[Music]
that's big sister okay now try this one
it's progress underway I write I what
could it be
[Music]
the correct answer is right between the
eyes
what's this good afternoon
[Music]
it's cleanup what's this
misunderstood try to crack this one
that's pot eight volts which is potatoes
[Music]
that's high five
it means misunderstanding between
friends hurry up it was easy accelerate
well I have to admit this level was
indeed rather simple almost 100% of all
challenge takers managed to pass it with
flying colors let's see what else is
ahead of us level 2
[Music]
this rebus is tasty it stands for
scrambled eggs look at this picture and
figure out what it means that's two
heads are better than one its Man
Overboard
[Music]
it stands for forgive
this Rivas hides odds and ends
[Music]
it's downtown have a look at this
picture and guess what expression is
stands for it's a broken promise try to
figure out this one it's for instance
[Music]
its unhappy without you look at the
picture what does it mean
[Music]
top secret and how about this one it's
back to square one what can it mean it's
a friend in need I can't say this level
was rocket scientist but several puzzles
got me quite confused if you didn't have
any problems with these riddles you
don't have anything to complain about
when it comes to attention and
analytical skills level 3 what's that
a waterfall how about this one
[Music]
that's reading between the lines how
about this rebus it Heights the
expression once in a blue moon
what word hides there it's half-hearted
and how about this rebus that's I
believe in you
[Music]
it's street corner what can it be
it's a bucket list how about this tricky
one
[Music]
that's Valentine this tricky riddle
means no one to blame
[Music]
repeat after me
what could this picture mean it stands
for headquarters it stands for the seven
seas Wow it was tough only 40 percent of
test takers managed to get through this
level if you're one of them I bet there
are lots of people who admire the
sharpness of your mind
level for try to tackle this one
[Music]
that's a backward glance
nothing too complicated just lemonade
try to guess this one it's through thick
and thin how about this that's I'm
missing you hmm
and what's that it's the center of
gravity
[Music]
it's Greenpeace I admit I'm at a loss
here
it means painless operation
[Music]
the correct answer is five degrees below
zero what does this rebus mean no u-turn
oh my I never would have guessed look at
this image and try to figure out what it
means it means I'm ready for the big
time oh man it looks hard
[Music]
that's steaks are hot
well come to think of it this actually
makes sense
[Music]
where there's a will there's a way
that's it if you manage to crack all the
rebus riddles of this challenge you have
your brain wired way more effectively
than other people
how about starting your personal course
on how to solve riddles
[Music]